Pr sdc decomp spr1 edit (#1971)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/decomposition/backend-limitations/index.md

One problem here is latency.

> You've already seen latency problems when using `fetch`. We used `Promises` or `async`/`await` to handle a latency problem. And we did things like set placeholder text while waiting for data from a `fetch`.

Reviewer: I'd either revert this line or:

```suggestion
You've already seen latency problems when using `fetch`. We used `Promise`s or `async`/`await` to handle a latency problem. And we did things like set placeholder text while waiting for data from a `fetch`.
```
